# What I'm Working On

Longer version of [[now]]. This is the long-list of in progress "side projects" I'm playing with. This is an excercise for me, in trying to fit these ideas to a retroactive [[shapeup]] pitch.

## BirdDog

Status: functional, single player prototype.

[[meadow-birddog]]

### BirdDog: Problems

- People want to use Twitter to send long messages. They tend to solve this with a screen shot of notes, which is clunky and not accessible.
  - By "not accessible" I mean the lack of alt tag on image means the image can't be read with a screen reader.
- Screenshots of tweets are useful for sharing tweets without worrying about deletes, also not accesible.

### BirdDog: Solutions

- UI to create 1-5 images from up to 1000 words and post them to twitter with a short message and the correct alt tags via API.
- Screenshot of tweet tool.

## Meadow

A networked second mind(s) game. Not sure what that means yet. This is the everything Josh wants an app to have, app. Most everything on this page starts as a Meadow feature.

- [[meadow-halloween]]
- [[meadow-birddog]]
- [[meadow]]
  
## Imaginary Shapes

- Status: Completed.
- [Application](https://imaginaryshapes.com/)

I started using an [[eisenhower-matrix]] when I ran a business and was paralyzed by deciding what to do, when there was to much to do. I built a modified matrix that adds fun as a metric to figure out what to do next.

### Imaginary Shapes: Problems

- If you have lots of things to do, you don't know what to do next, which makes it harder to get things done or even decide what to do.
- These types of apps/ frameworks don't account for the fact that some tasks are fun and that's important.
- People do to much.

### Imaginary Shapes: Solutions

- Only allow up to 16 items.
- Drag and drop eisenhower matrix, with a thumbs up/ thumbs down indicator for fun.
- "Do This Next" screen that shows you one thing -- the thing to do next -- until you mark it done.

## Headless Mode

A WordPress plugin for using WordPress site as a headless CMS.

- [Source](https://github.com/Shelob9/headless-mode)
- [Plugin Page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/headless-mode/)
- [[wp-headless-mode]]
  
## Git or Markdown CMS

- Status: Working prototype. Not sure if working on this.
- [Source](https://github.com/Shelob9/markdown-cms)
  
A very simple CMS, using Github as a back-end. Real goal is to be able to build a no code [[digital-gardens]] builder and maybe other apps.

- [[markdown-api]]
- [[serve-json]]

### GitCMS: Problems

- Keeping content with code in the same git repo mixes concerns across skillsets.
- Git is a great system for tracking changes and authors in a multi-author content. It works great, but is not a skil non-developers have.

### GitCMS: Solutions

- Super basic starter git cms.
  - NextJS template/ starter or plugin
- No code [[digital-gardens]] builder.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[now]: now "Now"
[shapeup]: shapeup "Shape Up"
[meadow-birddog]: meadow-birddog "BirdDog"
[meadow-halloween]: meadow-halloween "Meadow (Halloween)"
[meadow]: meadow "Meadow"
[eisenhower-matrix]: eisenhower-matrix "Eisenhower Matrix"
[wp-headless-mode]: wp-headless-mode "WordPress Headless Mode"
[digital-gardens]: digital-gardens "Digital Gardens"
[markdown-api]: markdown-api "Markdown API"
[serve-json]: serve-json "Serve JSON From Github"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"